org/apache/cordova/whitelist/WhitelistPlugin.java
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin$1
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin$CustomConfigXmlParser
io/cordova/hellocordova/MainActivity.java
 io.cordova.hellocordova.MainActivity
io/cordova/hellocordova/BuildConfig.java
 io.cordova.hellocordova.BuildConfig
com/synconset/CordovaHttp.java
 com.synconset.CordovaHttp
org/apache/cordova/file/AssetFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.AssetFilesystem
org/apache/cordova/file/InvalidModificationException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.InvalidModificationException
org/apache/cordova/file/Filesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem$LimitedInputStream
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem$ReadFileCallback
org/apache/cordova/file/NoModificationAllowedException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.NoModificationAllowedException
org/apache/cordova/file/TypeMismatchException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.TypeMismatchException
org/apache/cordova/file/ContentFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.ContentFilesystem
org/apache/cordova/file/FileUtils.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$1
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$10
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$11
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$12
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$13
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$14
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$15
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$16
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$17
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$18
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$19
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$2
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$20
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$21
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$22
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$23
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$24
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$25
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$26
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$27
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$28
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$29
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$3
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$4
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$5
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$6
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$7
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$8
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$9
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$FileOp
com/github/kevinsawicki/http/TLSSocketFactory.java
 com.github.kevinsawicki.http.TLSSocketFactory
org/apache/cordova/file/LocalFilesystemURL.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.LocalFilesystemURL
org/apache/cordova/file/DirectoryManager.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.DirectoryManager
com/synconset/CordovaHttpHead.java
 com.synconset.CordovaHttpHead
com/synconset/CordovaHttpGet.java
 com.synconset.CordovaHttpGet
com/synconset/CordovaHttpUpload.java
 com.synconset.CordovaHttpUpload
com/github/kevinsawicki/http/HttpRequest.java
 com.github.kevinsawicki.http.HttpRequest
 com.github.kevinsawicki.http.HttpRequest$1
 com.github.kevinsawicki.http.HttpRequest$10
 com.github.kevinsawicki.http.HttpRequest$2
 com.github.kevinsawicki.http.HttpRequest$3
 com.github.kevinsawicki.http.HttpRequest$4
 com.github.kevinsawicki.http.HttpRequest$5
 com.github.kevinsawicki.http.HttpRequest$6
 com.github.kevinsawicki.http.HttpRequest$7
 com.github.kevinsawicki.http.HttpRequest$8
 com.github.kevinsawicki.http.HttpRequest$9
 com.github.kevinsawicki.http.HttpRequest$Base64
 com.github.kevinsawicki.http.HttpRequest$CloseOperation
 com.github.kevinsawicki.http.HttpRequest$ConnectionFactory
 com.github.kevinsawicki.http.HttpRequest$ConnectionFactory$1
 com.github.kevinsawicki.http.HttpRequest$FlushOperation
 com.github.kevinsawicki.http.HttpRequest$HttpRequestException
 com.github.kevinsawicki.http.HttpRequest$Operation
 com.github.kevinsawicki.http.HttpRequest$RequestOutputStream
 com.github.kevinsawicki.http.HttpRequest$UploadProgress
 com.github.kevinsawicki.http.HttpRequest$UploadProgress$1
com/synconset/CordovaHttpDownload.java
 com.synconset.CordovaHttpDownload
org/apache/cordova/file/LocalFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.LocalFilesystem
org/apache/cordova/file/PendingRequests.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests$1
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests$Request
org/apache/cordova/file/FileExistsException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileExistsException
com/synconset/CordovaHttpPost.java
 com.synconset.CordovaHttpPost
org/apache/cordova/file/EncodingException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.EncodingException
com/synconset/CordovaHttpPlugin.java
 com.synconset.CordovaHttpPlugin
